Merging Node Operators upgrade changes (#815)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/node-operators/troubleshooting.mdx

### I would like the mina service to start on boot?

> If you use `systemd` to manage the Mina daemon then it will not automatically restart on a reboot of the machine. You can manually run the service with `start` via `systemctl --user start mina` or start the service automatically at boot with `enable` via `systemctl --user enable mina`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `systemd` to manage the Mina daemon then it will not automatically restart on a reboot of the machine. You can manually run the service with `start` via `systemctl --user start mina` or start the service automatically at boot with `enable` by using `systemctl --user enable mina`.
```

Reviewer: avoid Latin, instead use "by using"

Author: I via is an English word, but happy with your suggestion.

### My sync status is offline?

This status indicates that you have not received any messages from peers for the last ~24 minutes. Ensure that you use the `--peer-list` argument that points to `https://storage.googleapis.com/mina-seed-lists/mainnet_seeds.txt`

> See [Connect to mainnet](./block-producer-node/connecting-to-the-network). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Connect to Mainnet](./block-producer-node/connecting-to-the-network). 
```

### Node fails with "Failed to find any peers, crashing as this is not a seed node"?

Ensure that you use the `--peer-list` argument that points to `https://storage.googleapis.com/mina-seed-lists/mainnet_seeds.txt`

> See [Connect to mainnet](./block-producer-node/connecting-to-the-network). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Connect to Mainnet](./block-producer-node/connecting-to-the-network). 
```

### Can I cancel a transaction?

> Transactions can now be cancelled see [Mina Client](./mina-cli-reference#mina-client) or wallet instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can cancel pending transactions. See [Mina Client](./mina-cli-reference#mina-client) or wallet instructions.
```
